---
published: true
layout: page
permalink: services
title: Services
---

Your home is more than just walls and a roof, it is a major investment where you spend time with family and friends. With my passion for style and incredible attention to detail, I offer you a unique approach to interior decorating and staging. Whether you need advice on a colour scheme for a single room or help transforming your entire home – I am here to help. When it comes to decorating your home, there’s an endless selection of designs, colours and styles to choose from. I can guide you through the overwhelming web to help you discover the right combination allowing your home to match your personal style.

Please contact Absolutely Fabulous Decorating for:

- Colour Consultations
- Staging Consultations
- Window coverings
- Furniture layouts
- Flooring
- Art placement
- Lighting

### Interior Decorating

I maintain a standard of excellence that I bring to every project, no matter how big or small. I assess the use and functionality of your space taking into account your wish list and budget. In order to get the best results, the creative process is a key element. I make it my business to listen to and  involve my clients every step of the way.

### Colour Consultation

Colour is the first thing people notice when they walk into a space. It is so fundamental and has a huge impact on our emotional response.  The vast majority of my clients have spent days, sometimes weeks of frustration visiting paint stores, leaving with lots of paint chips, overwhelmed with decisions.   I can save you time and money and make the process enjoyable and easy.

By enhancing the positive and downplaying the not-so-positive, I can create your ideal space. I coordinate your surrounding environments and existing elements, allowing for colour flow.

My comprehensive colour consultation will be tailored to your specific needs – one room or your entire home. With my expertise and knowledge, together we can achieve the ultimate results for your investment.

### Staging

You only get one chance to make a first impression – absolutely true! Prospective buyers unconsciously decide within 15 seconds of entering your home whether or not they can visualize themselves living there. Presenting your property in the best possible light can not only speed up, but  increase the value of offers. With the correct marketing of your home, the return on your investment can be increased dramatically.

I can provide advice on how to re-style your property to make it as attractive as possible to a prospective buyer – inside and out. The key principles of successful home marketing are not rocket science but so many people overlook the basics.
